spi config edits (#542)
wix-incubator/wix-rest-docs: guides/SPI.md

## Setup
In order to become a _service provider_, you have two options:
* Register an application in the Wix Developers Center, and add the integration component that you wish to implement as described below. 
* Become a _service provider_ in a single site by implementing the SPI using Velo. 

### Configure an integration component in the Development Center
In order to enable Wix to communicate with your app, add configurations for your component:
1. In the side menu under **Build your app**, click **Components** .
2. In the upper right corner of the page, select **Add Component** > **Integration component**.
3. Select the relevant component and click **Add Component**.

> 4. In the JSON editor, configure the parameters by referencing the **Instructions** section on the right side of the page. For each parameter, add the parameter name and value in the JSON editor.

Reviewer: **Instructions** ---> **Documentation**

    ![screenshot of json editor](../media/spi-config.png)  

5. Click **Save**.

> **Note:**

> > If you are working with a legacy SPI, configuration may not be via the Wix Developers Center. See instructions in the specific SPI. 

Reviewer: Are there actually legacy SPIs? Who did you get this info from?

Reviewer 2: @roysha-wix yes there are :)

## Setup
In order to become a _service provider_, you have two options:
* Register an application in the Wix Developers Center, and add the integration component that you wish to implement as described below. 

> * Register an application in the Wix Developers Center, and add the integration component that you wish to implement as described below. 

Reviewer 2: @sibrooke this line looks like its duplicated

* Become a _service provider_ in a single site by implementing the SPI using Velo. 

### Configure an integration component in the Development Center
In order to enable Wix to communicate with your app, add configurations for your component:
1. In the side menu under **Build your app**, click **Components** .
2. In the upper right corner of the page, select **Add Component** > **Integration component**.

> 3. Select your component and click **Add Component**.

Reviewer 2: I'd say "select the relevant component" instead of "your component"

4. In the JSON editor, configure the parameters by referencing the **Instructions** section on the right side of the page. For each parameter, add the parameter name and value in the JSON editor.

    ![screenshot of json editor](../media/spi-config.png)  

5. Click **Save**.

> **Note:**

> > If you are working with a legacy SPI, configuration may not be via the Dev Center. See instructions in the specific SPI. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> If you are working with a legacy SPI, configuration may not be via the Wix Developers Center. See instructions in the specific SPI. 
```
